When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

Using a remote repository would allow you to continue work on another computer, and save the changes again to the remote. It also allows multiple users to work on the same project and save changes to the remote repository.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You might want to pull changes automatically in case the remote repository is buggy and you don't want to have those bugs on your local repository. Automatically pulling may also have the effect of causing overrides of the data that is in your local working directory.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks is essentially a git clone, but it is all external and for use on GitHub's website.
 Forking a repository on GitHub, clones that repository so that it is available in your GitHub account's repositories. 
 Clones are generally used when you want to clone a repository from GitHub onto your computer. 
 Branching is making a local copy of your current commit. 
 Branching is generally used when you wish to make multiple versions of your project and later merge them.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

The main benefit of having a local copy of the of the last known state of the remote is that it allows the user to work offline and still have a saved version of the GitHub repository.

Tip: if you fork a repository and then attempt a pull request it will automatically choose the base pull request as the original repository you forked from. Therefore if you wish to pull request your own forked version of the repository then you need to change this by selecting the drop down of the base.

Commands:
git push <remote> <branch> | pushes the local branch to the remote.
git remote | Shows the remote repositories associated with your repository
git remote -v | v stands for verbose, and shows a more verbose version of git remote.
git fetch <remote> | updates the local copy of the remote master branch and leaves the local version of your master branch alone.
git pull <remote> | updates the local repository from the remote.

Tip: When there are two different commits on both the local repository and the GitHub repository git pull = git fetch origin, git merge master origin/master
